{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f4\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl120\margr120\vieww12760\viewh12580\viewkind0
\pard\tx280\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\li1400\fi-1400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Release 0.81, 03.05.1996 by Thomas Engel (tomi@shinto.nbg.sub.org)\
\pard\tx280\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx280\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\li100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs16 \cf0 \
\
\

\fs84 2			
\f2\i\b0\fs88 Release Notes\
\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 				and some History\

\fs16 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2100\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs28 \cf0 This chapter contains the release notes to all the Shanghai versions. It documents new features, the development steps taken, major bugs that have been fixed and bugs that are known.\

\fs16 \
\pard\li100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf0 Version 0.81
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\li100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs16 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 Pure maintenance release based on user suggestions and obvious annoyances.\

\fs16 \
\
\pard\li2100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
\
\

\fs36 New Features\

\fs16 \
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 Simple cosmetic modifications.\
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2480\fi-380\partightenfactor0

\fs16 \cf0 \

\fs28 \'95	
\f3\b Better  grayscale support.\

\f0\b0 	On grayscale NeXT hardware selected tiles were hard to recognize. The corresponding image has been adjusted to fix that annoyance.\

\fs16 \

\fs28 \'95	
\f3\b Easier tile selection.\

\f0\b0 	You now can switch between different tiles with a single click which allows for easier "focusing" while searching for pairs. You still have to "double click" to remove a pair, which might become customizable in a future release (since some people would like the tiles to disappear automatically when a matching pair happens to be selected)\
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2100\partightenfactor0

\fs16 \cf0 \
\
\pard\li2100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
\
\

\fs36 Bugs Fixed in Release 0.81\

\fs16 \
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 Not much has happened. A simple bug fix. \
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2480\fi-380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 \'95	
\f3\b Slow redraws.\

\f0\b0 	The game now should redraw fast enough to be considered playable on old black hardware.
\fs16 \
\

\fs28 \'95	
\f3\b SPARC assertion crasher.\

\f0\b0 	One of the assertions inside the original NeXTmj code cause the SPARC binary to fail under some circumstances. With the help of Volker Herminghaus 
\f4\fs24 <vhs@langen.bull.de>
\f0\fs28  the failing code could get located and fixed (while it still is unclear why it only failed on SPARC ???)\
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2100\partightenfactor0

\fs16 \cf0 \
\
\pard\li2100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
\
\
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2480\fi-380\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 Known Problems\

\fs16 \
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 Some of the known problems won't hurt anybody at this moment \'96 I hope. But I know that they are in there. 
\fs16 \
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2480\fi-380\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs28 \'95	
\f3\b Boards are unsolvable.\

\f0\b0 	There is no guarantee that a certain setup is solvable. The code does not take care of that at this time. Although it matches the way this game is being played in real life, the benefit of a computer game should be to ensure that there is a solution to the setup.
\fs16 \
\

\fs28 \'95	
\f3\b Not very random setups.\

\f0\b0 	Some mysterious circumstances can result in "new boards" which share some obviously similar tiles with the privious game \'97 even after requesting 20 "new" games! We currently only recognized it on black hardware and the reason is still not clear. Our carbon based units are still searching for a common pattern.
\fs16 \
\

\fs28 \'95	
\f3\b No High score list.\

\f0\b0 	Just enjoy \'96 no competition.
\fs16 \
\

\fs28 \'95	
\f3\b No Sound.\

\f0\b0 	There is no sound or any fancy animation.
\fs16 \
\

\fs28 \'95	
\f3\b No real Preferences.\

\f0\b0 	The preferences don't get saved\'85and don't work.
\fs16 \
\
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2480\fi-380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
\
\
\

\fs36 Development
\fs28 \

\fs16 \
\
\pard\tx2860\tx3220\tx3240\li3220\fi-1120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 Here I'll try to show you on which parts I did focus my work in this release.\
\pard\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\tx9100\li2100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\tx2860\tx3220\tx3240\li3220\fi-1120\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf0 May. 96:
\f0\b0 	Hand-tuned some of the images for 2 bit graphics. (2 days of work)\
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2480\fi-380\partightenfactor0

\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\tx2860\tx3220\tx3240\li3220\fi-1120\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs28 \cf0 Apr. 96:
\f0\b0 	Optimized the drawing code to make it more responsive. (1 day of work)\
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2480\fi-380\partightenfactor0

\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\tx2860\tx3220\tx3240\li3220\fi-1120\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs28 \cf0 Mar. 96:
\f0\b0 	Included the known fixes and recompiled the project. Spend most time on updating the documentation. (1 day of work)\
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2100\partightenfactor0

\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\li100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf0 Version 0.8
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\li100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs16 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 This is the first public release. It is far from complete but we think it looks really nice.\

\fs16 \
\
\pard\li2100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
\
\

\fs36 New Features\

\fs16 \
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 No really new features have been added to the application.\
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2480\fi-380\partightenfactor0

\fs16 \cf0 \

\fs28 \'95	
\f3\b Nicer Graphics.\

\f0\b0 	The apps look has undergone a complete redesign. The added shadows should provide a slightliy better feel for the different tile levels. We hope that playing the game is at least a pleasure to your eyes.\

\fs16 \

\fs28 \'95	
\f3\b App.info.\

\f0\b0 	The app comes with a useful 
\f2\i Shanghai.info
\f0\i0  file (similar to .info files of the Installer.app). My 
\f2\i NewAppInspector
\f0\i0  bundle for the Workspace will like this little extra description. Once I'll have the time to polish and finish it I will release this project too.\
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2100\partightenfactor0

\fs16 \cf0 \
\
\pard\li2100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
\
\

\fs36 Bugs Fixed in Release 0.8\

\fs16 \
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 Not much has happened.\
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2480\fi-380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 \'95	
\f3\b The Undo bug.\

\f0\b0 	Undo'ing the first move crashed the application due to a wrong assert command. \
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2100\partightenfactor0

\fs16 \cf0 \
\
\pard\li2100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
\
\
\pard\tx2480\tx2860\tx3240\li2480\fi-380\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 Development
\fs28 \

\fs16 \
\
\pard\tx2860\tx3220\tx3240\li3220\fi-1120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 Here I'll try to show you on which parts I did focus my work in this release.\
\pard\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\tx9100\li2100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\tx2860\tx3220\tx3240\li3220\fi-1120\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf0 Nov. 95:
\f0\b0 	Made the NeXTmj source compile under NeXTSTEP 3.3 and adjusted the graphical appearance. (1 day of coding)\
\pard\tx2860\tx3120\tx3360\li2120\partightenfactor0

\fs16 \cf0 \
\
}